README.md, before:

# CI-MS2-Play-and-See
 A repository for my Milestone 2 project (Interactive Frontned Development).

 View live project here: https://richardbyrne95.github.io/CI-MS2-Mintedo-PLAYCHILD/

 High-score: $11,944

Learned about animating SVGs from Dev Ed: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gWai7fYp9PY
Gameboy svg was sourced from https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/bf/Gameboy_green_icon.svg
Player spritesheet was gotten from https://jesse-m.itch.io/jungle-pack
Snake sprite was gotten from: https://opengameart.org/content/snake-rework
Gem sprite was gotten from https://art.pixilart.com/thumb/f5cb3eb93503efc.png
Ground image created by me using https://www.pixilart.com/draw
Gameboy font was sourced from https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Press+Start+2P#standard-styles
SVG was altered using https://www.figma.com/
Gameboy Startup Sound was sourced from https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3bCT3YxZfAY&ab_channel=ModernVintageGamer
start-game sound was sourced from https://freesound.org/people/starpause/sounds/3044/
player_death sound was sourced from https://freesound.org/people/jeckkech/sounds/391655/
8-bit-loop was sourced from https://freesound.org/people/dAmbient/sounds/239539/
collectcoin sound was sourced from https://freesound.org/people/bradwesson/sounds/135936/
MP3/WAV to OGG conversion was done using https://www.online-convert.com/
GIF to Spriteshhet conversion was done using https://ezgif.com/gif-to-sprite/ezgif-6-80133e6bc143.gif

#Tests - reference https://www.guru99.com/web-application-testing.html
##Functionality
Url exists DONE
Test Manual button works DONE
Check if game functions as expected

##Usability
Images display correctly + contain alt tag DONE

##Interface
Check if canvas has correct size DONE

##Performance
Use lighthouse in Chrome Dev tools to check for common performance, accessibility and SEO issues, as well as for best practices. Accessibility was the only category to not get 100/100, due to the use of 'user-scalable="no"' to stop users from accidentally zooming in on mobile.
Use Google Structurexd Data Testing Tool - (results)[https://search.google.com/structured-data/testing-tool/u/0/#url=https%3A%2F%2Frichardbyrne95.github.io%2FCI-MS2-Mintedo-PLAYCHILD%2F]

Commit message:

Add link to tests video

README.md, after:

# CI-MS2-Play-and-See
 A repository for my Milestone 2 project (Interactive Frontned Development).

 View live project here: https://richardbyrne95.github.io/CI-MS2-Mintedo-PLAYCHILD/

 High-score: $11,944

Learned about animating SVGs from Dev Ed: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gWai7fYp9PY
Gameboy svg was sourced from https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/bf/Gameboy_green_icon.svg
Player spritesheet was gotten from https://jesse-m.itch.io/jungle-pack
Snake sprite was gotten from: https://opengameart.org/content/snake-rework
Gem sprite was gotten from https://art.pixilart.com/thumb/f5cb3eb93503efc.png
Ground image created by me using https://www.pixilart.com/draw
Gameboy font was sourced from https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Press+Start+2P#standard-styles
SVG was altered using https://www.figma.com/
Gameboy Startup Sound was sourced from https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3bCT3YxZfAY&ab_channel=ModernVintageGamer
start-game sound was sourced from https://freesound.org/people/starpause/sounds/3044/
player_death sound was sourced from https://freesound.org/people/jeckkech/sounds/391655/
8-bit-loop was sourced from https://freesound.org/people/dAmbient/sounds/239539/
collectcoin sound was sourced from https://freesound.org/people/bradwesson/sounds/135936/
MP3/WAV to OGG conversion was done using https://www.online-convert.com/
GIF to Spriteshhet conversion was done using https://ezgif.com/gif-to-sprite/ezgif-6-80133e6bc143.gif

#Tests - reference https://www.guru99.com/web-application-testing.html
##Functionality
Url exists DONE
Test Manual button works DONE
Check if game functions as expected
A video of the tests being carried out can be viewed (here)[https://github.com/RichardByrne95/CI-MS2-Mintedo-PLAYCHILD/blob/main/cypress/videos/gameSpec.js.mp4]

##Usability
Images display correctly + contain alt tag DONE

##Interface
Check if canvas has correct size DONE

##Performance
Use lighthouse in Chrome Dev tools to check for common performance, accessibility and SEO issues, as well as for best practices. Accessibility was the only category to not get 100/100, due to the use of 'user-scalable="no"' to stop users from accidentally zooming in on mobile.
Use Google Structurexd Data Testing Tool - (results)[https://search.google.com/structured-data/testing-tool/u/0/#url=https%3A%2F%2Frichardbyrne95.github.io%2FCI-MS2-Mintedo-PLAYCHILD%2F]
